docs: add simulation data to README (#2240)
flybywiresim/a32nx: README.md

The A32NX Project is a community-driven open source project to create a free Airbus A320neo in Microsoft Flight Simulator that is as close to reality as possible. It aims to enhance the default A320neo by improving the systems depth and functionality to bring it up to payware-level, all for free.

The following aircraft configuration is currently simulated:

 ```

>  Model      A320-251N

Reviewer: Should we use a table for this instead?

Author: Sure.

>  Engine     LEAP 1-A26

Reviewer 2: Should be LEAP 1A-26 iirc

 FMGS       Honeywell Pegasus Step 1A
 FWC Std.   H2F9C
 ```

> Note that those parameters might be incosistent / might change while the project evolves towards a more stable form.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please note that this configuration may change in the future as the A32NX project evolves and changes.
```
